Update diagnostics-in-containers.md (#39316)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/diagnostics-in-containers.md

The [`PerfCollect`](./trace-perfcollect-lttng.md) script is useful for collecting performance traces and is the recommended tool for collecting traces prior to .NET Core 3.0. If using `PerfCollect` in a container, keep the following requirements in mind:

> - `PerfCollect` requires additional capabilities in order to run the `perf` tool.  The minimal set of capabilities required are [`PERFMON`](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man7/capabilities.7.html) and [`SYS_PTRACE`](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man7/capabilities.7.html).  Some environments require [`SYS_ADMIN`](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man7/capabilities.7.html).  Be sure the container is [started with the necessary capabilities](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/run/#runtime-privilege-and-linux-capabilities).  If the minimal set does not work, then try with the full set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PerfCollect` requires additional capabilities to run the `perf` tool. The minimal set of capabilities required is [`PERFMON`](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man7/capabilities.7.html) and [`SYS_PTRACE`](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man7/capabilities.7.html). Some environments require [`SYS_ADMIN`](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man7/capabilities.7.html). Be sure to start the container with [the necessary capabilities](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/run/#runtime-privilege-and-linux-capabilities). If the minimal set doesn't work, then try with the full set.
```
